[Doc] Add description for `iceberg.catalog.view-endpoints-supported` (#58654)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/data_source/catalog/iceberg/iceberg_catalog.md

Required: Yes
Description: The URI of the REST service endpoint. Example: `https://api.tabular.io/ws`. 

###### iceberg.catalog.view-endpoints-supported

Required: No

> Description: Enables support for View-related operations. Default: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: When the old REST service does not return endpoints in CatalogConfig, whether to use the view endpoints to support view-related operations. This parameter is used for backwards compatibility with older REST servers. Default: `false`
```

Is this better?

Author: I also think what you suggested is better. Thank you. I will reflect on it.
